[kids laughing, talking]
[Anna]
In this world,
there's an
invisible magic circle.
[kids talking, overlapping]
[laughing]
- So you were really dating him?
- Tell us more!
There's an inside
and an outside.
- I can't draw this at all.
- Me neither.
Well, what's the problem?
Let me see.
What? No. I'll show you
when I'm done. Please.
Those people are
inside the circle.
And I'm outside.
But it doesn't really matter.
How's it going?
[gasps]
Oh... no... I kind of messed up.
Let me have a look.
Uh...
[thudding]
[kid crying]
Oh, no. Are you okay?
Oh, what's going on?
[man, distant]
What happened?
[playground sounds fade away]
[coughs]
I...
[wood splinters]
I hate myself.
[breathing heavily]
[tense music]
[coughing]
[breathing steadily]
Anna...
You're fine now.
That's all, ok?
I'm so glad. Thank you very
much doctor, thank you.
Oh, I'm relieved.
Anna, how do you feel now?
I am fine.
It looked like you
were in so much pain.
Didn't you have your inhaler?
I cost you money again.
No, why'd you say that?
[doorbell rings]
Hi girls. Miyoko.
Anna left her school bag behind.
She also left her notebook.
Why, thank you.
We were nearby. If there's
anything else we can do...
Miyoko...?
[Yoriko] Has Anna been
getting along with all of you?
She doesn't tell me
anything about school.
[Miyoko]
She's okay.
She's just very quiet...
Quiet? Mice make more noise!
C'mon, stop it.
It's not that she's quiet,
we're just loud.
[girls laugh]
[Miyoko]
Ok, take care. Bye.
Always worrying about you,
isn't she, your mother?
[melancholic music]
My mother...?
She's probably cut herself off
from everyone at school.
You know, in some cases,
asthma attacks can
be related to stress.
It doesn't help that
my husband travels a lot.
[Yoriko] He has to, for work.
Maybe it's our fault.
[Doctor]
12 years old...
It's a difficult age.
Have you noticed anything
different about her?
[Yoriko] Yes, she... she
always has an ordinary face.
[Doctor]
Ordinary?
What do you mean?
[sniffs]
I'm sorry.
It's like she doesn't allow
her emotions to show.
She used to be more expressive.
But these days, her face
is almost... wooden.
Not happy. Not sad.
Just there. Maybe...
maybe because we're
not related by blood.
[Doctor] It may be time to
consider, like we discussed...
send her to your relatives
for a while-a bit of fresh air.
[string music]
[engine rumbling]
[Yoriko]
Say, Anna...
[gasps]
Do you remember
Uncle and Aunt Oiwa?
The air is very clean
where they live.
The doctor says it'll
help your condition
to spend a bit of time in a...
in a place like that.
I can't go with you, but
I'm sure they will
take good care of you.
Be a good girl, eat well,
and you come back nice
and happy, okay?
[peaceful music]
[Anna sighs]
She whines like a goat.
[train rumbles]
[door hisses open]
[Anna sighs]
Oh. There she is.
Oh! Anna, hi!
[Anna gasps]
Remember us?
Yes. Well, actually
no, not really.
Auntie told me about you.
I hope I'm not too much trouble.
Thank you for looking after me.
It's our pleasure.
Her Auntie?
She means Yoriko.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
Ah.
Here we go. Hop on in.
Sorry it's a bit of a clunker.
We had to pick up a few things.
I don't mind at all.
Boy, this place has really
changed since I was here last.
Look at all these new
stores that have opened up.
Where we live it's nice and
relaxing. You'll love it there.
Ever since they
built this highway,
people stopped passing through.
[thudding]
[ripping, rattling]
Anna, you all right?
That was just a little pothole.
[laughs]
So I hear you have asthma?
Uh, yes...
Air around here is sweet.
Fix you up in no time.
[engine revving]
[rumbling]
Hey, it's beautiful, isn't it?
I bet you wish your Auntie
could come up here and see it.
What is that up on the hill?
[Anna]
That thing on the cliff.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
Oh, that's a silo.
They use it to
store feed for livestock.
Hasn't been used
in decades, though.
Nowadays it's just a
place where kids
kinda dare each other to go in.
Word is the place is
full of ghosts at night.
Will you stop
trying to scare her!
[Setsu]
He loves stories like that.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
In any case,
it's probably a good idea
to stay away from that place.
[kids laughing, yelling]
[Kiyomasa Oiwa] Here we are!
Your home away from home.
[engine idling]
Hon-buns, will you
take this in for me?
What's this?
[Setsu]
Why would you accept this?
We couldn't possibly eat
all of it ourselves.
He's always accepting gifts
without thinking...
Our kids are all grown up
and moved out,
so make yourself at home.
Thanks.
Now this goes where...?
What a place.
You must be thinking it's
an odd house we've got.
No, I think your home is lovely.
[Aunt Oiwa laughs]
Flattery will get
you everywhere.
Come on. Follow me.
I'll show you where
you're staying.
This was my daughter's room.
It'd be sad to
get rid of everything,
so I just left
it the way it was.
I understand.
She's a yoga instructor
in Tokyo now.
Have you ever tried yoga?
I'm thinking of
trying it myself.
Oh, the closet and
shelves are empty,
so feel free to use 'em.
Thank you.
Oh!
"Write and tell me how you are,
or whatever you wish to
tell me about. Yoriko."
[Setsu] Oh, how nice!
Postcards in this day and age.
You should definitely write her.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
Setsu, come here for a second!
Coming!
He's so pushy.
All right then, see you.
[door shuts]
[footsteps moving away]
Smells like someone else's home.
[gasps]
[engine in distance]
[sighs]
[Anna]
Wow.
[peaceful music]
[engine chugging]
[birds chirping]
Feels wonderful.
[breathes deeply]
[Anna]
I've arrived safely.
It's quite nice here.
Mr. and Mrs. Oiwa are
both very kind.
[Setsu] These are delicious,
you should try one.
Sorry, sweetie, my hands
are full right now.
Hello... I'm gonna to go to
the post office, okay?
Fine! See you around, then.
Are you sure you
don't want one of these?
Yeah, later.
Yeah? I might save
it for dessert then.
Oh Anna, there's a shortcut
over by the parking lot.
Thanks.
SHORTCUT
Really, this is the shortcut?
[grunts]
[calm music]
The boys drive me crazy.
They just won't listen.
It's tough being
class president.
Ah, Mom, wait,
I need to go drop
off a letter, OK?
[bird cawing]
Hmm.
Mother, who was that?
[panting]
Ah!
[thudding]
[groans]
[birds chirping]
Oh!
[wind rushing]
[stirring music]
[Anna]
Why is it...
That mansion feels
familiar somehow.
[splashing]
[peaceful music]
I wonder if anybody lives here.
[gate creaks]
Excuse me. Anybody home?
[metal squeals]
Wow...
what a big house.
I guess there's
no one here anymore.
[melancholic music]
[ducks quacking]
[gasps]
[gate bangs]
[Anna]
What?
[water splashing]
[Anna groans]
Now what do I do?
[wood creaking,
water splashing]
[sighs]
Thank you very much.
[wood creaking,
water splashing]
[Anna] He's a bear.
Or maybe a sea lion?
[gasps]
[mysterious music]
[Setsu laughing] It sounds
like you had an adventure!
High tide, low tide.
The place completely
changes, doesn't it?
Power of the moon. Incredible.
What's incredible is Anna
got to ride in
Toichi's boat, right?
[Kiyomasa Oiwa] Aw,
come on, he's a great guy!
Just not much of
a conversationalist.
Anna, you should ask
him for a ride again.
[deep voice]
Anna, ask him for a ride.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
Hoo hoo!
I will.
But seriously, Anna,
it's really best for you
to stay away from that
old Marsh House.
Oh, really, why is that?
[slow laugh]
- Ghosts!
- Stop it!
[Kiyomasa Oiwa laughs]
I'll go get some wine.
It didn't look like anyone
was actually living there.
Not now, anyway.
A while back it was a fancy
vacation home
for some foreigners.
Anyhow, the place changed
hands a few times.
But I think it's been empty
for a while there now.
Huh. Interesting.
[water splashing]
[panting]
[peaceful music]
[gasps]
Someone's there.
[water splashing]
[panting]
Ahh!
[gasps]
[sighs]
[insects buzzing]
[Kiyomasa Oiwa humming]
Hey sweetie, have you
finished them yet?
Eh?
What Mrs. Kadoya asked for.
Yeah, uh... almost done.
Oh, hi Anna!
Going out for a little stroll?
Yup.
Almost done, yeah, whatever.
Um... I'm going to go
sketch, down by the-
Sure, you have fun!
Thank you.
Look at that kid go! She
doesn't look sick to me.
I don't know what Yoriko
was so worried about.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa] As long as she's
having a good time
and eating well.
[Setsu]
That's for sure!
[banging]
Everyone got it?
All the trash you pick up
should be brought back here.
Bring the trash back here!
[boy]
Let's get started.
[kid]
C'mon you guys!
Oh, look, it's Toichi.
Toichi the mute!
[kid]
Nah, he speaks.
Once every ten years!
Hey! You're supposed to
be cleaning this area!
Shut up! You're not in charge!
See ya!
I hope we get to hear
more from you soon!
[kids laughing in distance]
[ducks quacking]
[peaceful music]
[Anna humming]
[birds chirping]
I'm going out!
Hey! Wait, Anna!
I have a little errand I
need to run, so hold on.
Sure.
My, oh my,
he should've brought these.
But no, "I'm allergic to
that lady," he says!
But, Mrs. Kadoya has been
wanting to meet you.
She has a daughter
named Nobuko,
who's just a
year older than you.
[gasps]
What?
[Mrs. Kadoya] I'm sorry.
Nobuko is at cram school today.
[Setsu]
Oh, that's too bad.
And this must be Anna.
Hello there.
Um... hello.
Good afternoon.
Ah... you like to draw.
May I see them?
They're, uh, not good.
Oh...? I know!
How about you
and Nobuko
go to the Tanabata
Festival together?
Great idea!
I'm sure I still have
my daughter's yukata .
You'll look beautiful.
Oh... okay...
Yeah...
I'll let Nobuko know.
Do come in.
- Uh...
- I wonder where I put it...
Uh, actually,
I was gonna go...
Oh, I forgot.
You were going sketching!
She'll look great.
Ready, and...
Got it.
[Anna] I won't look great! She
should mind her own business.
I won't go...
[gulls crying,
water lapping]
He's not here.
Huh?
- Bye.
- See you tomorrow.
[scraping]
Hmm.
[mysterious music]
The tide's gone out...
[gasps]
[peaceful music]
Again.
[clock ticking]
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
The festival...
[kids]
♪ Bring out the candles, ♪
♪ bring them out. ♪
♪ If you don't, we'll scratch
and we'll shout. ♪
Come on.
Wait for me.
Here's some candy.
And some for you.
- Thanks a lot!
- Here.
Aw man, I wish I was
wearing my yukata .
At least you're comfy.
My mom forces her
tastes on me. It's awful.
You look awesome.
What? No way!
It's boring and tacky...
It's like my mom herself!
Anna, so like, where
are you from originally?
Sapporo.
Oh, that's awesome. I bet
Sapporo has great shopping.
Maybe lots of cute
boys, too, huh?
No one was talking to you!
Yeah, yeah...
Not much to choose from
out here in the boonies.
So, what brings you all
the way out this way?
Uh... well...
Whoa! Nobuko, check it out!
[Nobuko]
Wait... what?
[girls laughing]
Why does he keep making the
same mistake over and over?
[girl] I'll warn him
next time I see him.
[fast drum music]
- Mine is the yellow one!
- There it is!
May I have one please?
Here you go. Write your wish.
[kids chattering]
[Anna]
My wish...
Ow!
- Sorry about that.
- It's OK.
[Nobuko]
Anna!
Hey, Anna!
Where did you go?
I was looking
all over for you.
Didn't know where
you went! Oh! Your wish!
- [Anna grasps]
- Let's see now...
[Nobuko] "I wish for a
normal life everyday."
Huh?
"Normal"?
What do you mean by normal?
Um, well...
You see, um...
I can't believe your eyes!
[girl]
What's going on?
Anna's eyes.
They're sort of blue!
It's actually really pretty!
- Almost like a foreign-
- Leave me alone already!
Huh?
You fat pig!
[Nobuko gasps]
Did she say...?
[gasps]
Uh... I, I didn't...
Hm.
Now I see why you
wish to be normal.
So pathetic.
You shouldn't even
pretend to be normal.
After all, you look
like just what you are.
Hey, what d'you say
we just drop it?
And you could come out
with us next week or-
[girls gasp]
[Anna crying]
[Nobuko]
Anna! Wait!
[Anna crying]
[melancholic music]
[Anna]
Like just what I am...
[coughing]
[gasping]
[crying]d
Like just what I am...
Ugly, stupid,
moody,
unpleasant...
That's why I hate myself.
That's why everyone...
How long do you think
we have left to live?
- Typically in this situation,
- [baby crying]
the child usually goes
to an aunt or an uncle.
[man #2]
I told you, we can't.
I thought that we had already
settled this matter.
We're not blaming you.
It's just that
when you think about
looking after a child,
- Look! I told you many times...
- you're the obvious choice...
[man #3]
it's not a matter of money.
[man #2]
Sure, I feel bad for her, but...
[man #1]
But nothing. Please, reconsider.
[melancholic music]
I'd better get home.
[insects buzzing]
[sighs]
Did someone row it here?
[gasps]
- [splashing]
- Ah!
[grunting]
[wood creaking,
water splashing]
[gasps]
Uh... ah!
[splashing]
[grunting]
[sighs]
[gasps]
[wood creaking]
It's stuck!
[panting]
Throw me the rope! Hurry!
Rope?
- [gate bangs]
- Quickly!
[banging]
[grunts]
[bangs]
[groans]
[panting]
[splashing]
[peaceful music]
Are you okay?
Um, yeah... good... are you...
- Are you real?
- Wait. Shh.
Let's not have
anyone hear us.
In my dreams I saw
a girl, just like you.
Dreams? Hm.
[gasps]
Ah!
Thank you.
It's not a dream.
What's your name?
Anna.
Anna. That's a nice name.
I hope we can be friends.
Would you like that?
Have you seen me before now?
Uh huh.
Often.
Really?
But, I just got here.
How long have
you been here?
I've been here for a long time.
- [door opens]
- I-
[muffled laughter]
[Anna gasps]
[Mother] Look at this view,
the marsh at night.
How beautiful.
Say, let's go down
and get a closer look.
- Wouldn't that be nice?
- [Nan] Please, madam.
[Mother]
I know...
By the way, where is that child?
[Nan]
Was she not in her room again?
[melancholic music]
I need to get back.
- Were they talking about you?
- Yes.
At this hour, I'm usually
tucked up in bed, asleep.
[giggling]
Come on, I'll row you back.
So it actually was your boat.
Of course! I left it for
you on purpose.
But I thought you'd be able
to row a little better.
[laughs]
Honestly...
I thought I could too.
You know, you're
my precious secret.
I haven't told anyone about you,
and I never will.
If someone finds out,
they'll only spoil it.
Please, Anna.
Promise me something.
That we'll remain a secret.
Forever.
[uplifting music]
[insects chirping]
[gasps]
[scoffs]
[sighs]
[Mrs. Kadoya]
I tell you, it was awful.
She came home
crying her eyes out!
[Setsu]
Wait, Anna did what?
[Mrs. Kadoya] She called
her a fat pig! My daughter!
My, oh my!
And she pulled out a knife,
can you imagine?! The horror!
Actually, I can't imagine that.
Perhaps you should hear it
from the reprobate herself.
So bring her out, now!
Sorry, it doesn't look
like she's home just yet.
Well!
[Mrs. Kadoya]
I'm not surprised.
She's a delinquent,
out and about this late!
And you two aren't exactly
what you call blameless.
You should keep a closer
eye on that girl!
[door slams]
[Setsu sighs]
Take this. It's dark out.
No, thank you.
[scoffs]
Unbelievable! What if
something were to happen
to one of our local kids?
Oh!
And he calls
himself a carpenter.
So what if she's a
bit late getting home!
Now, now,
don't get all riled up.
[Setsu] How dare she call that
child a delinquent!
Hup, there she is.
Anna!
It's not quite...
Were you listening to that?
Don't you worry about it.
I'm sure you two will
make up somehow.
All right, go take a bath
and have some dinner.
Thanks.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa] Or...
maybe dinner before the bath?
[Setsu]
It hardly matters.
But "fat pig" may have
been a bit harsh, eh?
[laughs]
That's for sure.
[Setsu]
It's not that funny.
[insects buzzing]
[Anna]
Another letter from home.
She might as well just write,
"Worrying. Like always."
[Setsu]
Anna! Watermelon!
[clock ticking]
[Setsu]
Anna?
[Anna]
Two hours until high tide...
[panting]
[wood creaking,
water splashing]
[gasps]
Hop in. I've got a picnic!
I brought juice and cookies.
A picnic? At this hour?
Why not? Let's go to the
far side of the cove.
[peaceful music]
You are much better
than me at rowing.
Anyone can do it.
Let me show you.
Come sit with me.
[gasps]
You're doing fine.
Remember I said last night
that you're my precious secret?
I remember. And I love
that you're my secret.
I'm glad.
Wait! No!
You let go!
[laughs]
Good! Very good.
You know... you still haven't
told me your name.
That's odd.
I thought you already knew.
Marnie! That's my name,
don't wear it out.
[giggles]
Please be careful.
Go ahead, just row.
There's all sorts of things I
want to know about you.
But, I don't wish to
find out too fast.
Let's take it slow
as we go along.
I'll tell you what we'll do.
You and I - we'll ask each other
three questions every night.
What do you say to that?
Sounds good.
All right then. Here we go.
First question.
What brings you here to
our little village,
and how long do you
plan on staying?
I have something called asthma.
And this doctor,
Doctor Yamashita,
he said I should go somewhere
with clean air for a while.
Even if I have to skip school.
Oh no, you're ill?
Don't worry. I'm fine, honest.
But my Auntie
thought it best
that I came here and stay
with her relatives, the Oiwas.
Who's Auntie?
Now it's my turn
to ask a question!
So how is it that you
live in that mansion?
I've lived there since
I was two years old.
Myself, Nan and the maids.
Here, juice.
Where are your mother
and father? Where are they?
They can only
come sometimes.
They're very busy with work.
Uh huh.
My second question.
Tell me, who's Auntie?
[sighs]
She's my guardian.
You know, kind of
like a mother, but
I guess one who can get rid of
me when I'm being a total pain.
What do you mean?
I'll explain more another time.
All right, it's my turn now.
[Anna]
How many siblings do you have?
[Marnie]
None. I'm an only child.
[Anna]
I see, you too...
[Marnie]
Why do you ask?
[Anna]
Oh, it's nothing.
Don't you ever wonder
what it's like to have
brothers or sisters?
I do.
It's fun to imagine that...
All right,
question number three.
What's it like
living at the Oiwas?
The Oiwas?
[crackling]
[Anna]
Huh...
How strange...
I can't...
quite remember...
[slow music]
[insects buzzing]
[gasps]
Marnie?
Marnie!
Anna!
[panting]
There you are.
Where did you go?
[Marnie whimpering]
Marnie?
I'm fine now, but you
suddenly disappeared
and I was looking for
you everywhere.
But I didn't go anywhere.
I was just thinking about
the answer to your question...
Wait...
What was it?
[giggles]
It's okay, it doesn't matter.
I really should get
going home anyhow.
Because tonight...
Hey! I have an idea!
No no no no,
I really can't!
Parties just really
aren't my thing.
Don't worry.
I have another great idea.
Perfect.
[wood creaking,
water splashing]
[talking and
laughing in distance]
[string music]
[crowd chatting]
I swear that it happened.
I have a hard
time believing that.
[door opens]
[gasps]
I'm sorry. Did you wait long?
I had trouble getting away.
Marnie!
[giggles]
What do you think?
It's pretty.
Here. I borrowed
Nan's shawl for you.
I'll be scolded again.
[giggles]
I'm not sure this
is a good idea.
I have a plan. I already
spoke to my dad.
Come on. It'll be fun.
Young lady.
I believe it is
past your bedtime.
And who might
this little girl be?
That shawl belongs to me.
[gasps]
- Upstairs!
- Ah!
Wait right there!
Come back!
Marnie, you are
nothing but trouble.
Let's make a break for it!
Oh!
Marnie!
[Marnie grunts]
[Nan groans]
[jingling]
[gasps]
[Nan groaning]
[Nan]
Marnie! Open this door!
Brilliant! Let's go.
[Nan] This is no way for a
young lady to behave!
This is no way for
anyone to behave!
[laughs]
Everybody! I'd like you to
meet a lovely flower girl!
- [crowd clapping]
- A guest of my daughter.
[man]
Ah, a flower girl.
[woman]
That one must be Marnie.
[man]
She's as pretty as her mother.
Oh, welcome... May I please buy
one of those flowers?
My mother.
Hello, my dear little witch.
[chuckles]
A witch, ah-ha.
It takes one to know one.
[all laugh]
Uh, well, uh...
[laughs]
I'd like one please.
One for good fortune.
Would someone kindly pay
for my pretty flower? Anyone?
[crowd chatting]
If it is the witch's command...
I'll have one as well.
- One for good fortune.
- Two for double the luck.
- And for me!
- Me too!
[bright music]
Ah, it's begun.
I could use a bit of luck.
[crowd talking, laughing]
Sorry!
My luck's run out!
Come on and take one,
this could be your lucky day!
May I?
[laughing, talking]
Young lady.
To your good health.
Oh... thank you very much.
[gasps]
It's wine?
[insects buzzing]
[door opens]
Anna, are you awake yet?
[giggles]
[Anna hiccups]
Too much wine?
Who was he?
Who was who?
The one I saw you dancing with.
Ah! Kazuhiko? He's an
old friend of mine.
Oh. He's a very good
dancer, isn't he.
So are you.
Well, in that case,
may I have this dance?
[gasps]
Wait, but, I can't dance.
Don't worry, follow my lead.
[stammering]
[Marnie humming]
♪ La la la la la... ♪
♪ do do do do do... ♪
♪ la la la la la... ♪
[classical music]
[gasping]
[laughing]
Look for me again, Anna.
And don't tell anyone our
precious secret. You promise?
Uh-huh.
[giggling]
[Anna]
Wait, wait...
[both laughing]
[peaceful music]
[gasps]
[man]
I thought I saw something.
It's that girl, the one
staying with the Oiwas.
[peaceful music]
[birds chirping]
[Setsu] Waiting for the
other shoe to drop...
If only the saying was waiting
for the other shoe to show up!
I'm sure it's somewhere.
I'll look for it.
You know how many
shoes I've lost out there?
If you dig around
that marsh
I'll bet you find a
few pairs of mine.
And none of them in her size.
Never mind. Our daughter left
some shoes in the attic.
I'll bring them
out just in case.
Thank you. That would be great.
[birds chirping]
There it is.
Marnie.
Wow.
Not only are they big,
but my, oh my, are they tasty.
Here.
[stammering]
You're quite talented
with a knife there.
I like to cook.
Auntie teaches me all the time.
Anna, you're so polite
and well-behaved.
My daughter could learn
a thing or two from you.
Careful, watch your back.
You know, I can
remember when
you first came to
Yoriko's place.
You should've seen her face.
My, oh my, that was
the happiest day of her life.
Her only worry that day
was how to make up for the five
years she hadn't had with you.
That's probably where those
knife skills come from.
She's always been
a worrier, that one.
She would phone me
every other second.
"Is Anna eating too little?
Is Anna eating too much?"
Oh, sorry, I shouldn't tell
tales about your mother.
I know what she's like.
We have so many
pictures of you
that Yoriko sent
us over the years.
She's very proud of you.
I'll show 'em to you later.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
Aww, Setsu, look!
I just found the wind chime
I made on our honeymoon.
[jingling]
Little distraction
from the heat.
Looks like your
hair's growing out.
How 'bout a little trim?
Right. That would be a disaster.
[wind chime jingling]
[Anna]
Marnie...?
[Marnie]
Look for me again.
[gasps]
[panting]
I can't believe I almost
forgot about Marnie!
[panting]
Ah!
Marnie...
[thunder rumbling]
Marnie!
Marnie...
[thunder rumbling]
[rain spattering]
Would you mind?
Please.
I see you're an artist as well.
Your drawing looks like
someone I once knew.
She was lovely.
[Anna]
She is.
But I haven't
seen her for a week.
I wonder if
she's upset with me
because I forgot about her.
If she's a friend,
everything will be
fine once you talk to her.
Say, will you
please take a look?
Sure.
[gasps]
[Anna] Wow.
Do you think the
colors are too messy?
[Anna]
No, it's wonderful.
I'm Hisako.
And I'm in love with that
old Marsh House. And you?
I'm Anna. And I love it, too.
[peaceful music]
You know, we're going to have to
be quick with our artwork.
Before the new folks move in.
The renovation work's
already under way.
[gasps]
[machines whirring]
[woman] Thanks for your hard
work. Please, have some tea.
[man]
Thanks, much appreciated.
- Hey, let's take a break!
- Sounds good to me.
[clattering]
[bangs]
[gasps]
Hmm.
Hey, are you Marnie?
Come on... come on!
Wow, I hardly recognize
it from this side.
Probably because
of the new paint job.
It's not finished yet.
Come on.
Hiya guys.
Hi there. How are you?
Got a friend with
you today, huh?
You can wear
any of those slippers.
A guest?
Yeah, a secret one.
Secret?
Hey! Never mind.
Sorry, make yourself at home.
Thank you very much.
Yes, yes, it's a lovely place.
Yes, we're right in the
middle of renovation work.
Is this the same room?
[girl clears throat]
Upstairs.
I'm sure you know the way.
Okay, this is my room.
So it is.
And so?
It's a cute room.
I believe this used to
be your room, correct?
What?
Don't play games.
You are Marnie.
Marnie? Really, I'm not.
What? So then
why do I see you
looking up at my
window all the time?
Because... I...
C'mon. I'm going to show
you where I see you.
See. You're always down there.
I'm not Marnie.
I just love this mansion,
I draw it all the time.
[Sayaka]
That can't be!
How come you acted so surprised
when I called
you Marnie earlier?
What I want to know is, how do
you even know that name?
I found it behind the shelf.
A diary?
That's right. It's your diary.
[gasps]
Marnie!
I'll go pour you some
Queen Mary, your favorite,
and I'll be right back.
[peaceful music]
[Marnie] "Last night I went
for a row in my nightie.
[Marnie and Anna]
The marsh and the moon
were very pretty at night.
[Marnie]
I shall do it again.
June 8th. A party!
Father, Mother and many of
their friends came.
It was such fun.
I went outside from the sunroom
and danced with a flower girl.
But...
Nan locked me in my room
because of last night.
So there won't be any midnight
boat rides for a while."
[door opens]
See, it's actually
you, isn't it?
No, it's not.
Marnie is someone...
someone...
She's just someone
that I invented.
An imaginary girl,
only in my mind.
Huh?
But I suppose this is
Marnie's diary.
And I suppose it's as if she's
really lived here in this room.
OK, no messing around.
You're really not her?
No.
She's only imaginary?
That's right.
But I thought you were,
and your diary said,
and you came back.... ohhh.
My name is Anna. And I came from
Sapporo for the summer.
Hiya. I'm Sayaka.
And I come from Tokyo.
Wait a sec.
If she was imaginary,
why is the name
in the diary the same?
I don't know.
[Sayaka] Marnie must be real.
I'm going to investigate again!
[peaceful music]
[Anna]
Marnie...
who... are you?
[wind rustling]
Is that me?
Huh? Oh!
It's you... Marnie!
[gasps]
Wait, Marnie, no. That one...
it's not done!
Wow! You are really good.
Oh, thank you.
I've never had anyone draw me
before. How nice! I love it!
[Anna]
I missed you.
I called for you and
in my heart I shouted.
And I, you.
[Marnie]
Come with me.
[Anna]
No.
You come with me, please.
I- I can't go very far
from the mansion.
Okay, then. We'll go wherever
it is that you want to go.
[peaceful music]
[Anna] You sure know a lot
about mushrooms, Marnie.
[Marnie] Father taught
me when I was little.
I once brought home
three bags full of mushrooms.
You should've seen the
look on my mother's face.
[giggles]
Why so quiet?
Are you alright?
Marnie, you are so lucky.
I wish... I wish that I was you.
Tell me.
Well, I'm...
[Anna]
I'm a foster child.
My real parents died
when I was little.
My grandmother, too.
I know they didn't
die on purpose, but...
sometimes I feel like
I can't forgive them...
for leaving me all alone.
I'm actually jealous of you.
I think you're lucky to
be a foster child.
If you really didn't have
any relatives left
then the folks who took
you in as a daughter
must be truly
kindhearted people.
So, shall I tell
you a big secret?
It's about my
foster parents.
It's complicated, and they're
really nice people, but...
I'm not their real child,
yet they raised me,
which I appreciate.
But once,
I saw some documents.
Those documents showed that
my foster parents are...
paid to look after me.
[Marnie]
Really?
[Anna] Really. It was a
letter from the government.
It said something
about how they were
going to increase
the subsidy for me.
[melancholic music]
[Marnie] But, I'm sure
there was a reason...
[Anna] I don't care what
the reason is !
They wouldn't get that money
if I were their real child.
It's because I'm not
that they get paid.
Even worse...
they hide it from me.
[sighs]
I can see why that would hurt...
but that doesn't mean that
Auntie doesn't love you.
Seriously? Don't you see?
None of the other kids in the
building get money! Only we do!
And she always
has this worried look,
as if I'm going to find
out about it, and then...
I hate myself for
worrying about this, too.
I can't...
I... I can't...
believe in anything anymore.
[crying]
It's ok... it's ok to cry.
Just know that
I love you, forever.
I love you more than
any girl I've ever known.
I think it's your turn to
tell me a secret next.
Fine.
It was only when
I was very young
that I went picking
mushrooms with Father.
Nowadays, I hardly see
Father or Mother.
[Marnie] Mother's usually
away traveling .
[whooshing]
And due to Father's work
he only comes home
about twice a year.
So, the only ones at the
mansion are Nan, and
the two maids...
and me.
I slip out while
they're gossiping.
And look how free I get to be!
[humming]
But it really is glorious when
Father and Mother are home.
They host parties!
Yeah... like the
one the other night.
With my amazing parents
and so many glamorous
delightful people!
And I always get to have a new
dress and I always get to dance.
That's when I
tell myself that I'm
the luckiest girl in
the whole wide world.
Yeah.
Oh, Anna... will you be my
friend forever and ever?
Yes, of course.
Forever and ever.
- [girls giggling]
- Huh?
[Marnie]
Nan's always in a foul mood.
She yanks me by the arm,
brushes my hair very hard...
No would imagine
I'm being bullied, right?
But it really hurts.
Enough to cry.
The maids love to frighten me.
When I was small, they used
to threaten me, saying
"Naughty children
get shut in the silo
where ghosts suck out
their souls."
Do you mean the
silo on the hill?
Yes, and once...
on a stormy night they
dragged me up there.
[crying]
All the way up I was
kicking and screaming.
I was so frightened
I thought I'd die.
Then, just as we got there,
as the sky turned its darkest-
[lightning crashes]
[all]
Ahhh!
The maids were terrified,
so we didn't go inside.
Anna, I think I can
endure anything else...
anything but the silo.
I have never heard such
a terrible thing!
I hope the maids and Nan
do get struck by lightning!
Never mind.
Hasn't anyone ever tried to
frighten you before?
No way! And definitely
not on purpose.
Well, that was my little secret.
Anna, you're lucky.
I wish I was you.
- [water splashes]
- [Marnie gasps]
Our castle...
Please don't worry about it.
Oh Marnie...
I love you so very much.
More than anyone I've known.
Makes me happy.
[peaceful music]
Funny, it's kind of like
we traded places.
How true.
[both laugh]
Oh no. The tide's coming in.
Hey, let's go to
the silo together.
What?
The stories about the
ghosts can't be true.
We'll go make sure.
Tomorrow... no, let's go now!
[Anna] I don't care
who Marnie really is.
I just want to help her.
[wind rushing]
Are you okay, Marnie?
Yes, I'm okay. I'll be fine
as long as I'm with you.
Kazuhiko.
Huh? I, um-
[Sayaka]
Anna!
Anna! Hey! Perfect timing!
I found it!
Anna!
[thunder rumbles]
Look at this, only the
rest of the diary!
Marnie...
I'm sorry. Another time.
Aww! But it's a
major discovery...
And it's going to rain!
[wind blowing]
[bats chirping]
[thunder rumbling]
[rain pattering]
[water dripping]
- [whimpering]
- [Anna gasps]
[squeaking]
[Anna gasps]
Ahh!
[panting]
[Marnie]
Who is it?
Is someone there?
Marnie!
So you did go ahead.
Don't scare me like that.
Marnie!
Are you okay? Why did you-
Kazuhiko!
I'm frightened!
I heard someone below.
Oh, I thought I'd die of fright.
Kazuhiko...
What are you talking about?
It's me, Anna! What's going on?
Anna... Anna!
I don't want anyone
making fun of me!
But I haven't the courage...
Oh, Anna...
You have courage.
Look, you came up here.
Let's go home.
- [moaning]
- [Marnie whimpering]
[rain pattering]
Wait!
It's only the wind. Let's go!
You and me.
We'll go home together.
[sniffles]
[wind moaning]
I... I can't!
[thunder rumbling]
Anna, come back here!
Please... Anna!
Hey, everything's
gonna be fine.
I'm sure we'll
make it down.
After all, we made
it up. Follow me.
No! Please don't
leave me. Please!
[lightning crackling]
[rain pouring]
[wind moaning,
thunder rumbling]
[lightning cracks]
No!
[water rushing]
Marnie!
Let's go over there, it's safer.
I'm cold... I'm so cold...
Oh Anna, I'm scared.
It's horrible.
Don't you worry, we'll be fine
as long as we're together.
You did well, Marnie.
Real well.
[Marnie crying]
[gasps]
[humming]
- [woman] ♪ La la la la la... ♪
- [Marnie crying]
It's fine. I'm here.
Kazuhiko!
I thought you'd never come.
I thought you'd never...
[continued humming]
There, c'mon Marnie.
Let's go home.
[continued humming]
[rain pattering]
[wind moaning]
[water rushing]
Marnie?
Marnie!
[rain pouring,
wind rushing]
Marnie!
[thunder rumbling]
[melancholic music]
[Anna]
Marnie... you left me behind!
Even you!
[lightning crackling]
[thunder rumbling]
[Anna grunts]
[Sayaka]
Kazuhiko... Kazuhiko...
This guy is all over this diary.
"Kazuhiko is trying to
take me to the silo."
Silo...
- [knocking on door]
- [Sayaka gasps]
What?!
Easy! Why are you
so jumpy tonight?
It's just supper time, Sherlock.
Takeshi, wait!
[rain pattering]
I cannot believe you
talked me into this.
It's not safe...
And do you think
it's safe for my friend?!
What if she
gets pneumonia? Oh!
- [Takeshi] Is that...
- [Sayaka] Anna!
Anna! Are you okay?
So cruel...
Anna?
[Anna gasps]
So cruel, Marnie...
Oh, she's burning up!
I'll go get some help.
You'll be fine.
- Hang in there.
- Be right back.
Anna...
[panting]
How is she doing now?
Well, her fever
hasn't come down yet.
[Setsu] The doctor gave
her a shot earlier, but...
[Sayaka]
I see.
[soft music]
[Anna]
So cruel...
Marnie, how could you?
[Anna]
I won't forgive you.
Leaving me behind
without a word.
[wind rushing]
[melancholic music]
[windows rattling]
[banging]
Anna! My dear Anna!
Marnie! How could you
leave me behind back there?
How could you betray
me like that!?
I'm sorry, I didn't mean
to leave you all alone.
But at that moment...
You simply weren't there.
What are you talking about?
Oh, Anna, forgive me.
Anna, I cannot stay
here any longer.
I have to say goodbye to you.
So please, Anna, I need
to hear that you forgive me.
Please forgive me. Please.
Anna...
Of course,
I forgive you, Marnie!
I love you. I love you!
And I won't ever forget you!
I'll never forget you! Ever!
[wind rushing]
- [waves crashing]
- [Anna whimpering]
[peaceful music]
[knocking on door]
Feeling better?
Anna?
Sayaka has come to see you.
Thanks.
[Setsu] Oh, you don't want
to see her in your room?
[Anna] No, I'll go out.
It feels nice outside.
Hi Sayaka.
Glad you're feeling better.
Thanks very much!
Something else.
Reading this is what made me
think you might be at the silo.
What is it?
Remember the diary? Well,
those are the missing pages.
You know, some things
I remember, some I don't.
Well, I think this
might help you.
I found a clue in this painting
that was behind the bookshelf.
[Sayaka]
Maybe I'm psychic.
Turn it over.
- Hisako?
- Huh?
[Anna]
Hisako!
Can you tell us what
you know about her?
It would mean
a lot to me.
Of course...
but I'm afraid it's a
rather sad story.
I'm ready for it.
It was a very long time ago.
[Hisako] I used to go play
at the Marsh House quite often.
[melancholic music]
Marnie and I were
still very little.
Oh wow, it's a bear!
Let me see! Let me see.
And look here.
This is my dashing dad!
[Hisako]
Marnie loved to boast about
her glamorous parents and
their extravagant parties.
[laughing]
But the truth is,
she was being neglected.
Goodbye, Marnie.
That poor child...
Mama. Don't leave me!
Seems even the maids
were bullying her.
That's awful!
[Hisako]
Later, Marnie moved to Sapporo
and married Kazuhiko,
her childhood friend.
With her family torn apart
and feeling lost,
it was Kazuhiko who was
always there to support her.
[Sayaka] How romantic.
So Kazuhiko was a good man!
[Hisako] Two years later,
Emily was born .
Living at last in the warm
household she'd always wanted,
Marnie was happy.
I didn't see her for
quite a while after that.
The next time I saw her was...
a few years after Kazuhiko
had died of an illness.
Marnie was distraught.
The shock of her husband's
death left her too ill
and she was
placed in a sanatorium.
Sanatorium?
It's a place where you
go to get better.
That is dreadful.
What happened to Emily?
[Hisako] Marnie's
parents had passed away,
leaving no one to
look after her.
Unable to cope, Marnie
felt she had no choice
but to send young Emily
off to boarding school.
By the time Emily
returned at age 13,
she'd become a
different child, they said.
Emily!
[Hisako] She was willful
and independent .
And even though she knew
her mother had been ill,
Emily bore a grudge
for being sent away at
such an early age.
Oh, so now you're trying
to sound like a mother?
I am your mother and
I'm simply saying
you may not know
what's best for you.
Are you even listening
to me at all?
[arguing overlapping]
[Hisako] They never
did make up after that.
[Marnie]
Emily, please. I'm your mother!
I never thought
of you as a mother,
even when you were around.
[Hisako] Emily ran away from
home and soon got married.
She was expecting, you see.
- [phone ringing]
- [gasps]
But then...
One night, Emily and her
husband died in a car accident.
[melancholic music]
I heard that Marnie
took their little girl in.
She was determined to never
let this child be lonely.
Still...
she couldn't get over
the shock of losing Emily.
Marnie became very ill,
and died the next year.
That was about ten years ago.
[Sayaka crying]
I'm sorry,
it's such a sad story.
It's fine.
I really do appreciate it.
Marnie adored that mansion.
She loved the view of the
marsh from her window.
She said it felt like the
birds were speaking to her.
She had a lonely life,
but she always lived
it to the fullest.
She lived life with a smile,
determined to be happy.
So you've met
Marnie too, then?
[door hisses open]
[engine rumbling]
[Sayaka] I really wish we
could've played more.
I know, but the
plan was always
for me to stay just
for the summer.
Will you be here again
next summer?
Certainly hope so.
We should keep in touch.
Totally. Pinky promise?
[Anna]
Pinky promise.
Anna, I put the painting and the
diary back where I found them.
Good, it's for the best.
I haven't told
anyone in my family.
Let's keep it our secret.
How funny...
What?
Without Marnie, I would
never have you as my friend.
That's for sure.
[laughs]
Marnie...
Huh?
The young girl...
who was trapped
behind the blue window.
That was quite some time ago.
[gasps]
Aw!
[Sayaka] Exactly.
In order to save her life,
he makes the decision.
[Anna]
I love that part.
[Sayaka] Ah, now I want to
read it all over again.
Read the sequel next summer?
- Yeah!
- [Yoriko] Anna!
Look! It's Auntie!
Hi!!!
[Sayaka]
Whoa!
Anna!
[Sayaka] Careful! You
can't just stand up like that!
[Anna]
I got excited.
[girls laughing]
Guess what? Auntie's here!
Ah, Yoriko, good to see you!
Thank you for
taking care of Anna.
She's doing well, and she even
made a darling little friend.
How can I ever repay you?
Don't be silly.
It was our pleasure.
We didn't do
anything at all.
Anna's been great
to have around.
It was like our daughter had
come home. It was fun.
[Kiyomasa Oiwa]
I hope she comes again.
Thanks.
Let's go talk inside.
[Setsu] I'm impressed.
You didn't call us once.
[Yoriko]
Huh?
[all laugh]
I'm all packed.
Anna.
What is it?
There's something very important
that I think we
need to talk about.
Every month...
we've been receiving subsidies
from the government
to cover your expenses.
We didn't want you to know.
I don't know why but
we just didn't. It just felt...
- It's fine.
- You must believe me, Anna.
Whether or not
we receive money,
nothing can change how
we feel about you.
I already knew.
I'm happy you told me about
it anyway and I'm really-
Oh Anna!
[Yoriko cries]
[Anna sighs]
I've been looking at all the
photos you'd sent up here.
Photos?
Oh, yes.
While you were away,
I was looking at
old photo albums
and I found this picture.
Do you remember?
[Anna gasps]
It's the Marsh House!
When you first came to us,
you wouldn't let it go.
Someone at the orphanage told me
it belonged to your grandmother.
[Anna]
My beloved home.
Marnie!
[humming]
- [Marnie] ♪ La la la la la... ♪
- [baby whimpering]
♪ La la la la la... ♪
That's... who she was.
[melancholic music]
Anna?
[Marnie] And so I was in
the silo all night long.
Of course, I was ever so scared.
But then, that's when
your grandpa came.
He encouraged me,
saying I did well.
I've overcome many
frightening things in life.
And Anna, so will you.
After all,
you're my only grandchild.
And you have my love,
now and forever.
Forever...
[peaceful music]
[bright music]
[laughing]
[Anna]
Excuse me?
Anna?
I'm sorry about the other day.
Next year, you better join
us for trash pickup.
Was that a friend?
Uh, maybe.
Hi Hisako!
Anna. Hello.
I'm... I'm going
home to Sapporo now.
Is that right?
Judging by the
look on your face,
I'd say something
good has happened.
Yes, lots of good things.
I'm really happy now.
Good.
And this is...
this is my mother.
Thank... thank you very much
for all your
kindness with Anna.
Truly, it was my pleasure.
Let's draw together
again next summer,
- shall we, Anna?
- Yes!
I'll write you a letter.
I have some wonderful
news to tell you.
Thank you!
Again, thank
you very much.
Wonderful news?
Yeah,
I'll tell you about it later.
[Yoriko]
Oh, why not now?
[Anna]
I promise I'll tell you later.
Toichi! Sayaka! Goodbye!
[bright music]
♪♪♪♪
Subtitles by
Sophia Harvey & Dave Jesteadt